The 50% solution is surprisingly easy to write for this problem. Maintain an array of size n in which the ith element represents the 

elevation change over the ith rail. When an I instruction is received, update the specified elements in the array directly. 

When Q is received, just simulate a ride starting from the first rail and stopping when height h is reached. Each line of input takes O(n) 

time to process, for a total time of O(nQ), or about 20 million operations, which is reasonable.

The 100% solution, however, is significantly more involved.

First of all, consider the problem in which n is allowed to be up to 109 but the total number of queries is still restricted to 1000. 

Then, we may use the classic technique of coordinate compression: regardless of how large n actually is, there are at most 2Q points at 

which reconfiguration ever really occurs. So we read in and store the entire input initially, sort all the interval endpoints, and 

compress the coordinates. This only complicates the code slightly; when we query, we must remember, when scanning through the array, to 

multiply each elevation change by the number of rails over which it actually extends, and that the actual last rail we'll encounter might 

be between two of the endpoints given in the input (in which case we simply interpolate). This requires an initial sort, which takes 

O(Q log Q) time, two binary searchen per query (for an additional O(Q log Q), and up to linear time per query/modification for iterating

through the array, so overall the solution is O(Q<sup>2</sup>). That is, we can obtain a time bound independent of the value of n. We now concentrate 
on how to obtain an O(Q log Q) solution in this way.

Thus, again we will begin by compressing the coordinates, and we'll now pretend, for the sake of simplicity, that we hadn't had to do so 

(but the details can easily be filled in). That is, when the word "rail" is used, it actually refers to an elementary interval of rails 

(an interval bounded by two adjacent endpoints given in the input). Let us now cast the problem in a more abstract form: given is an array

of integers, all initially zero, and a series of operations to be executed one after another. A modification operation sets all entries in 

a given range to a given value. Let Pi denote the prefix of the array of length i (that is, the first i entries of th
e array). 
Let MPS(S) represent the maximum prefix sum within the sequence S. (For example, the maximum prefix sum of ```[1,-2,3,-4]``` is the maximum of 

the values ```(1), (1-2), (1-2+3), and (1-2+3-4)```, which turns out to be 2.) A query then asks us to find the maximum value of i such that 

MPS(Pi) ≤ h. (This is because the MPS of the first j rails tells us the highest point within those rails, assuming the first rail starts

at elevation zero.)

We could binary search, since the function MPS(Pi) is clearly non-decreasing. However, we need an efficient means to calculate the MPS, 

keeping in mind that elements may be modified willy-nilly. The segment tree turns out to be the solution to our problem. 

The MPS of an interval consisting of a single rail is that rail's elevation change if it is positive, or zero if it is negative. 

Now consider the concatenation of two intervals; the MPS of the large interval consists of either only the elements from the left 

sub-interval, in which case it is just the MPS of the left sub-interval, or it consists of all the elements from the left sub-interval 

plus the MPS of the right sub-interval. Thus, we maintain a segment tree of our array, which in each node stores both the sum and the MPS

of the corresponding interval.

A query can now be made in O(log Q) time by walking down the tree. We start at the root node and consider its left child, which is

responsible for the left half of the array. If the MPS of the left half is less than or equal to h, then we can traverse the entire

first half of the track. When this happens, our height on entering the second half of the track will be the sum S of the elements from 

the first half of the array, and the problem now reduces recursively to determining how far we'll go along the right half of the track 

if we can't go any higher than h-S, and we now recursively consider the root's right subtree. Otherwise, we recursively consider the 

root's left subtree, because we know we'll have to stop somewhere in there.

The modification operation is tricky and it complicates the query as well. Because we can modify an entire interval, which could 

require changing linearly many leaf nodes of the segment tree, we must employ lazy propagation. This means that if a given node's 

responsibility interval is entirely contained within the modification interval (that is, every element in that interval must be set to 

the same value), we don't recurse any deeper on that node, and instead simply set a "lazy" field on that node that reminds us that all 

the elements in the responsibility interval are supposed to have that value. If we do this then we only have to touch logarithmically 

many nodes on each modification. If we later have to recurse below that node for a modification operation that doesn't cover the entire 

interval, we reset that node's lazy field to some null sentinel value and propagate it to its two children 

(meaning that we set its two children's lazy fields to that value), and then recurse as before. 

(This complicates the query operation because now we have to check the lazy field and, if it is set, use it instead of the 

cached sum/MPS values.) And don't forget that not all rails have the same width (because of the coordinate compression). 

If you make a mistake with even one of these details your solution will probably earn fewer points than the naive solution. 
